Cloud docs re-org (#944)
timescale/docs: cloud/service-metrics.md

Additionally, you can turn automatic metric refreshes on and off. When automatic
metric refresh is on, the dashboard updates every thirty seconds.

In some cases, gray vertical bars display on the metrics dashboard, like this:

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-metrics_graybar.png" alt="Timescale Cloud Metrics not collected"/>

This indicates that metrics have not been collected for the period shown. It
does not mean that your Timescale Cloud service was down.

## Continuous storage monitoring
Timescale Cloud continuously monitors the health and resource consumption of all
database services. You can check your health data by navigating to the `metrics`
tab in your service dashboard. These metrics are also monitored by the Timescale
operations team.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-disk-metrics.png" alt="Timescale Cloud metrics dashboard"/>

If your database exceeds a storage threshold of available resources, some

> automated actions are triggered, including notifications, and preventative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automated actions are triggered, including notifications and preventative
```

actions.

> ## Automated user alerting

Reviewer: Should these be subsections of "Continuous storage monitoring" since they're mentioned as triggered actions from it?

Author: Ah, yes, I think you're right.

Author: ```suggestion
### Automated user alerting
```

When your disk usage exceeds certain thresholds, you receive an email
notification. These notifications occur at:
*   75%
*   85%
*   95%

> So that you aren't overwhelmed by automated message, the alerting thresholds use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So that you aren't overwhelmed by automated messages, the alerting thresholds use
```

> low- and high-watermarks, and we limit the frequency of messages we send you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
low and high watermarks, and we limit the frequency of messages we send you
```

about a particular service.

> ## Automated overload protection

Author: ```suggestion
### Automated overload protection
```

If your database continues to increase in size past these thresholds, automated
overload protection is activated when your disk becomes 99% full. When this

> happens, your database is put into read-only mode, and you receive a
> notification on email and the Timescale Cloud console shows the changed status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
happens, your database is put into read-only mode, you receive an
email notification, and the Timescale Cloud console shows the changed status.
```

When your disk is in read-only mode, you can still query your database, but you

> cannot add any new data to it. This is to ensure that your disk does not fill up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot add any new data to it. This ensures that your disk does not fill up
```

> to 100%, which could prevent you from crashing due to an out of memory (OOM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to 100%, and thus prevents the database from crashing due to an out of memory (OOM)
```
